feat(permissions/authorized): add support for demandedDataFences for injectAuthorized (#941)
commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit: packages/permissions/README.md

React components to declaratively handle MC permissions.

> - `useIsAuthorized()`

Reviewer: I added this and the documentation for it (it was missing). The rest is just reordering

};
```

## Available dataFences

> A `DataFence` is represented as an object with the shape `{ group: string, name: string, type: string }`. currently there is only dataFences of type `store`. The `group` relates to what the permission applies to and the `name` is the permission itself. Currently the following datafences for the `group: 'orders'` exist:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This is a **beta** feature and should be used with caution. For more information, please [open an issue](https://github.com/commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit/issues/new/choose).

A `DataFence` is represented as an object with the shape `{ group: string, name: string, type: string }`, where:
- `type`: is one of `['store']`
- `name`: is the `Permission` value
- `group`: is one of the resource types (e.g. `orders`)
```

- `ViewOrders`
- `ManageOrders`

We recommend to put the dataFences used by your application into a `constants.js` file.

```js
export const DATA_FENCES = {
  ViewOrders: {
    type: 'store',
    group: 'orders',
    name: 'ViewOrders',

>   },

Reviewer 2: you would demand data fences of the shape:
```js
[{
	type: 'store',
    group: 'orders',
    name: 'ManageOrders'
}, 
{
	type: 'prices',
    group: 'orders',
    name: 'ManageOrders'
},
]
```

and then with `getSelectDataFenceDataByType` you will provide the right selector to use for each type. (I'm unsure how that would look for the prices type for example)

  ManageOrders: {
    type: 'store',
    group: 'orders',
    name: 'ManageOrders',
  },
};
```

## `useIsAuthorized(options)`

```js
useIsAutorized(options: HookOptions): boolean
```

### Named arguments

- `demandedPermissions`: an array of `Permission`, requested for the child component to
  be allowed to render
- `demandedAtionRights`: (_optional_) an array of action rights (mentioned above)
- `demandedDataFences`: (_optional_) an array of `DataFence` (mentioned above)

> - `getSelectDataFenceDataByType`: (_optional_) if `dataFences` option is specified, `getSelectDataFenceDataByType` will be called with the component's `ownProps`. The result is a mapper function which we can use to pick the necessary data to compare with depending on the `type` of the dataFence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `selectDataFenceDataByType`: (_optional_ unless `dataFences` is specified) the function is called on each specified `dataFence` and should return the mapped value specific to the data fence. The function usually contains a switch-case logic based on the data fence `type`, with the return value based on the `props`. For example, with `type: 'order'`, the return value would be something like `ownProps.order.storeRef.key`.
```

- `shouldMatchSomePermissions`: (_optional_) determines if _some_ or _every_ requested permission should match (default `false`)

### Example

```js
const Test = () => {
  const canAccessProducts = useIsAuthorized({
    demandedPermissions: ['ManageProducts'],
  });
  if (canAccessProducts) {
    return <span>{'Authorized'}</span>;
  }
  return <span>{'Not authorized'}</span>;
};
```

## `injectAuthorized(permissions, [options])`

Like `branchOnPermissions`, but without the `FallbackComponent`.

> This is meant to be used in cases where only the `isAuthorized` prop is needed
> to be injected.

```js
injectAuthorized(
  permissions: [Permission],
  options: ?Object
): HoC
```

### Arguments

- `permissions`: an array of `Permission`, requested for the child component to
  be allowed to render
- `options` (_optional_)
  - `shouldMatchSomePermissions`: (_optional_) determines if _some_ or _every_ requested permission should match
    (default `false`)
  - `actionRights`: (_optional_) an array of action rights (mentioned above)
  - `dataFences`: (_optional_) an array of `DataFence` (mentioned above)

>   - `getSelectDataFenceDataByType`: (_optional_) if `dataFences` option is specified, `getSelectDataFenceDataByType` will be called with the component's `ownProps`. The result is a mapper function which we can use to pick the necessary data to compare with depending on the `type` of the dataFence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `getSelectDataFenceDataByType`: (_optional_ unless `dataFences` is specified) the function is called with the component `props` and must return a new function that will be called on each specified `dataFence` and should return the mapped value specific to the data fence. The returned function usually contains a switch-case logic based on the data fence `type`, with the return value based on the `props`. For example, with `type: 'order'`, the return value would be something like `ownProps.order.storeRef.key`.
```

### Props

- `permissions`: an array of `Permission`, requested by the component
- `actionRights`: (_optional_) an array of `ActionRight`, requested by the component
- `dataFences`: (_optional_) an array of `DataFence`, requested by the component

> - `selectDataFenceDataByType`: (_optional_) a mapper function which we can use to pick the necessary data to compare with depending on the `type` of the dataFence when `dataFences` option is specified

Reviewer: It's usually `select`, but the HOC has `getSelect` because we inject `props`.

> - `selectDataFenceDataByType`: (_optional_) a mapper function which we can use to pick the necessary data to compare with depending on the `type` of the dataFence when `dataFences` option is specified

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `selectDataFenceDataByType`: (_optional_ unless `dataFences` is specified) the function is called on each specified `dataFence` and should return the mapped value specific to the data fence. The function usually contains a switch-case logic based on the data fence `type`, with the return value based on the `props`. For example, with `type: 'order'`, the return value would be something like `ownProps.order.storeRef.key`.
```

);
```

## `branchOnPermissions(permissions, [FallbackComponent], [options])`

A HoC that will render a fallback component if the requested permissions don't
match with the user permissions.

```js
branchOnPermissions(
  permissions: [Permission],
  unauthorizedComponent: ?UnauthorizedComponent,
  options?: {
    shouldMatchSomePermissions: boolean,
    actionRights?: [ActionRight],
    dataFences?: [DataFence],
    getSelectDataFenceDataByType?: ownProps => func
  }
): HoC
```

### Arguments

- `permissions`: an array of `Permission`, requested by the component
- `UnauthorizedComponent`: (_optional_) a reference to a React component to be
  rendered in case the permissions don't match
- `options` (_optional_)
  - `shouldMatchSomePermissions`: determines if _some_ or _every_ requested permission should match
    (default `false`)
  - `actionRights`: an array of `ActionRight` (mentioned above)
  - `dataFences`: an array of `DataFence` (mentioned above)

>   - `getSelectDataFenceDataByType`: if `dataFences` option is specified, `getSelectDataFenceDataByType` will be called with the component's `ownProps`. The result is a mapper function which we can use to pick the necessary data to compare with depending on the `type` of the dataFence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `getSelectDataFenceDataByType`: (_optional_ unless `dataFences` is specified) the function is called with the component `props` and must return a new function that will be called on each specified `dataFence` and should return the mapped value specific to the data fence. The returned function usually contains a switch-case logic based on the data fence `type`, with the return value based on the `props`. For example, with `type: 'order'`, the return value would be something like `ownProps.order.storeRef.key`.
```
